# Dataset Generation and Feature Extraction for High-Traffic Environment Personal Tracker Identification

This is the Bachelor Thesis of Stefan Richard Saxer, written in the spring of 2024 with the Communication Systems Group at the University of Zurich (UZH). 

The repositories' directories contain the following files:
- **notebooks**: The Jupyter Notebooks that are covered in the written thesis.
- **notebooks_final_presentation**: The Jupyter Notebooks for the final presentation on 15th July 2024 (these notebooks are not covered in the written thesis).
- **pickle_objects**: The pickle objects used in the Jupyter Notebooks, such as the machine learning models.
- **plots**: All plots generated by the Jupyter Notebooks (from the notebooks folder).
- **slides**: Slides and images used in the presentations.
- **src**: Various Python functions and classes used in the Jupyter Notebooks such as the Task-Group-Framework.
- **tables**: The classification reports for the evaluation of the machine learning models.
- **wireshark_profile**: The Wireshark profile used to export from PCAP to CSV.


The folder containing the data (including both PCAP and CSV files) can be found on the link below on Kaggle, as it is too large for GitHub. Include the "data" folder as is on the top level directory to execute the Jupyter Notebooks locally. 

Link to data: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/stefansaxer/ble-packets-from-tracking-devices

**Note**: Local execution requires Python Version **3.12** or later. 



